Update release dev docs (#4941)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/versioned_release.md

- [ ] Tag the release `git tag -as -m "PUDL vYYYY.M.x" vYYYY.M.x`
- [ ] Push the release tag to `main`: `git push origin vYYYY.M.x`
- [ ] Verify that the new [GitHub (software) release](https://github.com/catalyst-cooperative/pudl/releases) has been published

> - [ ] Edit the GitHub Release: replace the default text with an autogenerated changelog by setting the previous tag and clicking "Generate release notes"

Reviewer: Or if we don't want that boilerplate (or want different boilerplate) then we should make that change in the workflow, rather than having it there and manually deleting it every time we do a release.

- [ ] Verify that [PUDL repo archive on Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/doi/10.5281/zenodo.3404014) has been updated w/ new version
- [ ] Wait several hours for a successful build to complete ([monitor here](https://console.cloud.google.com/monitoring/dashboards/builder/992bbe3f-17e6-49c4-a9e8-8f1925d4ec24))

> - [ ] Verify that the corresponding `zenodo-data-release` GHA completed successfully. If it times out, re-run manually (production, vYYYY.M.x, default regex, no-publish) until it does. If Zenodo is extra cranky, ignore the GHA and upload the files manually.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify that the corresponding `zenodo-data-release` GHA completed successfully. If it times out less than halfway through, re-run manually (production, vYYYY.M.x, default regex, no-publish). If Zenodo is extra cranky, ignore the GHA and upload the remaining files manually.
```
?

### Zenodo Metadata Tasks

> 

Author: these were already correct so I'm assuming they're automated
